[8421] - Issue new version of API with release notes (#5248)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: app/views/api_docs/pages/release-notes.md

title: Register API release notes
---

## v1.0-rc - 29 April 2025

Release canidate of first major version of the Register API. This version is not
yet live but is available for testing. All requests for `v1.0-pre` will redirect to

> this version.

Reviewer: I think we need more release notes than this. Ideally we should list changes since v1.0-pre was launched. The CSV docs might be useful for some ideas.

title: Register API release notes
---

## v2025.0-rc - 12 May 2025

> Release canidate of first major version of the Register API. This version is not
> yet live but is available for testing. All requests for `v1.0-pre` will redirect to
> this version.

Reviewer: I think we can just trim this down a bit.
```suggestion
Release candidate of the 2025.0 version of the Register API. This version is not
yet live but is available for testing.
```
